Hi everyone, today I'll show you how
prepare this cake which is fine either
for the boys that for some
sissies maybe changing if it is a
pink boy choosing not
I know an orange or another color of the
in short, another shade of green
of the colors a little more masculine and it is not
difficult decoration then you will see the
tutorials are all very simple things
and they adapt both to a cake of this
like but I also think they are fine
for example muffins other decorations
let's start with the tutorials to do
the rainbow or colored gods
balls of dough alone let's go to
spread of doing so cords
I did all the colors
blue and purple sky blue rainbow
wood business pretty thin looking
to make them the same size as mine
mind I stop
the pasta under a sheet of parchment paper
so later they will come off more easily
let's go for yellow and orange
obviously it doesn't matter which lengths
be all precise because then
we are going to cut and red
ok
now I go to apc carli with a
bit of food glue for this reason the
baking paper cn a little to help because
otherwise they could be applied to
work pin I'm going to give own
a pass to very light we run a
a little
ok we give a typical shape and now with
a knife we ​​can cut well
now to make the whole thing uniform
slightly the rolling pin without pressing
too much we have at first if stimulated and
the rainbow is practically how much
now we can move to the stream that
will go on the cake on both cakes
therefore we await a bit of light blue pasta
and will be slightly flared then in the
the upper part will be a little narrower
in the lower one it will be just barely
wide ok also in this case I have
glued with glue
now we are going to finish the dead with la
sac à poche and now I don't remember the
We will write you the number of the spout
in the box we always glue the rainbow
with a little bit of food glue
we also finish the part above
now we can move on to clouds
three-dimensional so I'm doing some
dough balls not of the same
size must be proper of
different sizes a little bigger a
slightly smaller and will overlap and
we are going to do two for the rainbow
let's go then to the sides
now I'm staring at the sun I have
made simply by cutting with
a round pastry-cutter a little bit of pasta
yellow
we also make the little cloud for the sun
I forgot to say that for
the sun
I put one right then stick
not too thick pasta
thin
ok fine a little cloud
and we finish with another bit of cream of
cream and equal butter
let's go then to put a ribbon
which color of ours you choose
and let's go and make the ribbon of the
upper part in the cake then on the
cake on top of the smaller one
to close the awards ok
let's give a little touch to the sac à
few ways to close everyone's problems
how many holes
now let's give the clouds a final touch
a little bit of pearly powder passes
this is the white one will give you a
effect a little translucent and finally
let's make the sun's rays so i'm
making big drops in
fixed with a toothpick a
put everyone around the sun I have
made five big and six little ones the
cake is made i hope the tutorial
you enjoyed it being useful and serious
made this cake maybe you can
let us know you can also send us a
photo will make us very happy
subscribe to the channel a kiss and to the
next